Mini guide on connecting Sonarqube project with service (#907)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/code-quality-security/sonarqube.md

}
```
</details>

> ## Connect SonarQube project with service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect SonarQube project to service
```

> This guide aims to cover how to connect a SonarQube project with an existing service in Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide aims to demonstrate how to connect a SonarQube project to an existing service in Port.
```

:::tip Prerequisites

- This guide assumes you have a Port account and that you have finished the [onboarding process](/quickstart). We will use the `Service` blueprint that was created during the onboarding process.
- Ensure you have SonarQube installed and configured in your environment.
- You will need an accessible k8s cluster. If you don't have one, here is how to quickly set-up a [minikube cluster](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/).
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) - required to install a relevant integration.

:::

<br/>

> ### Integrate SonarQube into Port

Reviewer: These "mini guides" should not have an "install integration" section, since we assume that the user reading this has already installed the integration. Also, it's code duplication, since the installation command is already written in the same page.
